this video is not about PewDiePie making
racist jokes or neo-nazi humor that's a
story that's already been told and if
the story will have to come back to you
with the inclusion in this video but
it's about I think the more interesting
and serious point that there are links
between PewDiePie and what you can call
real right-wing neo-nazi racist
activists in his coverage of this story
I think that the progressive voice
skipped over one of the most interesting
and damning links between PewDiePie and
the far-right the link from PewDiePie to
Brittney Pettibone and then from Britney
Pettibone to Martin's seller now Britney
Pettibone is not six degrees of
separation removed from art and Sellner
she's engaged to marry him he appears on
her channel his racist neo-nazi message
is broadcast on her channel constantly
she presents some apologia and support
videos for his career as a politician
and given that they're engaged to be
married I'm gonna go it on a limb here
and say they're probably sleeping
together
Britney Pettibone is indeed in the
anti-feminist hard conservative Catholic
trad thought category and yet I never
hear her talking about remaining a
virgin or remaining celibate until
marriage so wild speculation on my part
um but if you were to ask yourself why
does PewDiePie support Britney Pettibone
why does he follow her on Twitter why
does he watch her YouTube videos it is
not going to be for this type of n80
feminist female solidarity video well we
might have to wade through a few fake
female friendships to find the authentic
ones if we're willing to do this our
lives will likely be changed for the
better not every woman is good but every
woman has the potential to be good and
if we're good women ourselves we're more
than likely to attract other good women
or to help struggling women become
better earlier some of you might have
been surprised to hear me use the word
activist here on YouTube anyone can call
themselves an activist and often enough
it doesn't really connect to any sort of
action quote in the summer of 2017 this
identity
harian group led by martin Sellner
raised over 150 thousand British pounds
put that into your local currency guys
this is a lot of money one hundred fifty
thousand British pounds through
crowdfunding to charter a boat in the
Mediterranean to target non-governmental
organisations that patrol the sea to
rescue migrants in peril
so they wanted to have a boat to
sabotage the efforts of other boats at
saving people's lives who were in unsafe
boats
good luck dodging a murder charge on
that one if it works if people's lives
are at risk at sea and you are
intervening your form of activism is to
make their lives more at risk doesn't
take a lot of imagination to see how you
could even be judged guilty of piracy
and no I don't mean making a copy of a
Britney Spears CD for your little sister
I want to be a pirate
so the acronym GI here indicates that
they are using identitarian
politics as a placeholder for racism
they claim that their form of white
nationalism is not racist it's merely
identitarian and as you can see they're
making quite a lot of money out of that
ploy anyway so his group said it would
arrest illegal migrants yes isn't it
great when people who are in no way
connected the police authorities talk
about arrests he said it would arrest
illegal migrants and sink their boats
you're literally pirates on the high
seas no you don't have the legal
authority to arrest people that's the
police and you don't have the authority
to shoot down and sink vessels on the
high seas that would be the Navy
yeah tell it to the judge its campaign
received the backing of a neo-nazi web
site former Ku Klux Klan leader David
Duke and a leading whip American Way
surprises you don't say I don't know you
might think that cosplay activists who
want to get back to pirates the
Caribbean would support this maybe
people are just Pro murder I don't know
a whole the forms of activism this is
one of the hardest to defend and yet
compared to say vegan activism
it seems to be remarkably profitable for
them to do all right it didn't quite go
to plan though the boat was detained and
the captain was arrested accused of
having illegal Sri Lankan refugees on
board and false documents moving on a
few months later gee I paid for a red
helicopter to land on the crisp white
snow of the French Alps flanked by 100
activists from across Europe a massive
poster was laid out telling migrants to
go home well this least is nonviolent
but the attention of the final sentence
here this stunt cost more than fifty
thousand British pounds think it's more
than sixty five thousand US dollars this
is big business
it's the activism there's a lot of
public support for and yeah in some ways
we shouldn't be surprised that some
people you know who are just publicly
associated with video games and not
politics like PewDiePie are indeed
linked to this so the length from
PewDiePie - Britney Pettibone then from
Pettibone - Martin Sellner let me put it
this way if PewDiePie was your brother
cousin uncle if he was a friend of yours
if he was a co-worker of yours this
would be something you should try to
talk to about him I say on this channel
all the time
sympathy is an analytical tool it's hard
to have a sympathetic reaction that
works someone when they make a neo-nazi
joke and that is by the way what
PewDiePie did you guys have probably
heard this I don't have to read this out
so I'll just put the put the text on
screen here it's certainly hard to
respond in a sympathetic way and yet if
you know people like this face-to-face
that's exactly what you have to do you
had like let's say Ruben Crowder Shapiro
Peterson okay but why are you following
why are you following Stefon and
outright white nationalists and a white
supremacist Brittany Pettibone a white
nationalist Lauren southern a white
nationalist
who was arrested for throwing flares at
a migrant boat and had peddled a
conspiracy that white Europeans were
being replaced by brown people which led
to the radicalization that ended up
killing nearly 50 people of fifty Muslim
people so why are you following the
people dude I don't understand the moral
of this story and my conclusion this
video is not to tell you to unsubscribe
from PewDiePie or to go on Twitter and
demonstrate your sense of moral
superiority over PewDiePie I think that
accomplishes nothing what I'd like to
suggest in fact is that whether we're
talking about PewDiePie himself or
someone you may know in real life friend
brother uncle co-worker if you see these
red flags reach out to somebody reach
out to them and try to have a positive
connection that's gonna turn them away
from fascism neo-nazism racism etc
because who do you think is gonna do it
if not you then who I remember I had a
co-worker and he made anti-semitic
comments and you know I was much younger
than I was in my first year of
university it was not easy for me to do
I was not really well-spoken and
self-discipline the way I am now but I
remember you know I said to him look you
know it's not just because ethnicity is
gonna talk to you this way no one else
is gonna give you the opportunity to
talk this through but I mean you know
what are you doing here think about what
this means and where this is leading you
the joke from PewDiePie the jokes he
made in the past that were racist and
even specifically Nazi they don't
necessarily mean that that person making
that joke is on this slippery slope
towards being a Nazi but they may be
sometimes they are sometimes when
there's smoke there's fire
the type of length that PewDiePie has -
Britney Pettibone and thus - a current
ethno nationalist white supremacist
movement in Europe
it may be for research purposes I mean
you know you shouldn't jump to the
harshest of conclusions you shouldn't
just announce people partly because
denouncing people doesn't really
accomplish anything anyway I'm vegan
it's definitely possible to get a
photograph of me standing in front of a
swastika because here in Taiwan vegan
restaurants have swastikas on the signs
I mean you know you can take things out
of contact zel Wow here's this picture
of this guy he's a bald white guy
standing in front of a bean restaurant
it doesn't look so good well guess what
in Taiwan
because you spy those restaurants just
to indicate that they're devout Buddhist
that symbol was around before Nazism
it's going to continue after I'm not
really endorsing what's called nail
cancel culture I think I'm endorsing a
reaching out a sympathetic culture of
actually trying to do something positive
and in this case where there's smoke
there is fire
I don't think pewdiepie is connected to
Britney Pettibone because he's
interested in her dating and marriage
advice I don't think he's following
these people on Twitter and on YouTube
for any other reason and in this case it
turns out with the passage of time we've
seen he wasn't making neo-nazi jokes for
no reason at all either at the very
least when someone makes racist in
neo-nazi jokes it indicates that they
think those jokes would be funny or that
they want to reach out to an audience
who would find those jokes funny who
would approve of them I don't think that
the purpose of interacting with other
people on the internet or in real life
is to take their soul and put it in a
balance and decide whether they're good
or evil I just think that's
counterproductive but when you see these
signs when you see these red flags it's
an opportunity for you to reach out and
do something positive and that's a form
of activism that won't cost you fifty
thousand pounds it won't cost you a
dollar it won't cost you a dime people
like to disrespect my truth but the fact
is that you know my name is I don't know